---
title: Angel
date: 2025-01-15
---
i feel like i give off the totally opposite impression of who i really am online. i think i come off as someone who is full of love, all while being someone who is actually severely lacking in it. ironically, despite my name, i think many people would call me a monster. my given name, “angel”, is not a fake nickname or something i came up with, so it may have given off the impression that i think i am truly an “angel” that radiates hope and light, or it is some sort of persona. but it is merely just a name. the only thing i have in common with what we think of when we hear about “angels” is maybe that we all have no family, and spend our lives in solitude. 

i remember seeing one of my mutuals tweet (although maybe it has nothing to do with me), “what makes you think you have the right to call yourself an angel?” or something along those lines. the mutual was a foreign account, so maybe they didn’t know it could also be a name in english. either way, they had a point. i don’t really deserve my name. 
   
￼

awhile ago i was watching the movie Wings of Desire (1987), it’s a movie about angels. i didn’t finish it (i plan to), but i remember thinking how that is simply the perfect existence to me. being invisible, and helping people through mysterious ways that they’ll never know about. watching people. observing. of course, it wouldn’t all be to my benefit. that’s selfish and evil. i’d have to witness suffering too. but i will suffer along with them. with all of my heart, i am hoping that i can become such an existence after i am long gone from this earth. 

as a kid, people would always ask, who do you love most in your life? and most people would reply with their parents as number one, or, if you wanted to be different, maybe you’d say you loved yourself most, and then your parents. for me, my friends were always of higher priority than my family and myself, no question. you could say i considered them my real family.
i used to fantasise about being an orphan. then about other worlds in which “family” simply does not exist. whose blood you were comprised of, didn’t matter at all. we were all separated from our parents at birth, and put into an orphanage. you chose your family and found your own people. i told this to someone, and i think they said it was dystopian, but to me, it was utopia. it is very ignorant of me to think that way but i can’t change it. in one of my classes last year, my professor asked me, what i thought constitutes as a family. to me, family is just all in your head! 
